# Tabs? Windows? Buffers?
- A buffer is the in-memory text of a file.
- A window is a viewport on a buffer.
- A tab page is a collection of windows.

Source:
- :help window

- This is the same as saying "what does vim have open in memory"
- This is like having an IDE with multiple "tabs" opened. In vim, typically, only one file is shown at a time and any other files are in **buffers**
- Command
	- :buffers
		- Shows all the of the open buffers in memory
		- :buffers
			1 %a + "caw.yml"                      line 19
			Press ENTER or type command to continue
		- Also :ls will list buffers
		  
- How to switch between buffers
	- :bn - buffer next
	- :bp - buffer previous
	- :enew - create a new, empty buffer
	- :b *nameofbuffer* - jumps right to that buffer
		- :ls - to get a listing of buffers to know which one to jump
	- :bd - close a buffer or file
		  
- **Well that is great but just learning** `:b` **can't be all there is, right?**

	You are correct. Vim is a _deep_ and _complex_ subject that take some time to learn. It is best to learn Vim in small bite-size portions, make it a habit, then learn some more ([This is sharpening the saw](http://www.moolenaar.net/habits.html)). The next topic should probably be to learn to use tags (see `:h tags`) and/or cscope (see `:h cscope`) which will help you jump between different files easily. You may also want to learn about `:grep` and `:vimgrep` (See `:h :grep` and `:h :vimgrep`) to learn how to search a code base. Include search and definition search commands also a
